Document attach-screenshot for Android (#4906)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="attach-screenshot" supported={["android"]}>

> Take a screenshot of the application when an error happened and include as an attachment.

Reviewer: I've adjusted the verb tense a bit to match the wording of some of other options.
```suggestion
Takes a screenshot of the application when an error happens and includes it as an attachment.
```
